Fix confusion on the order parameter (#360)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/security/authentication/realm-chains.asciidoc

=== Realm chains

<<realms,Realms>> live within a _realm chain_. It is essentially a prioritized list of

> configured realms (typically of various types). The `order` setting determines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured realms (typically of various types).
```

> the order in which the realms will be consulted. Lower orders will be consulted first.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Realms are consulted in ascending order (that is to say, the realm with the lowest `order` value is consulted first).
```
